- [Komatsu] Vivienne
Westwood, the Sex Pistols,
Seven Star cigarettes, coffee
with milk and strawberry cake,
and lotus flowers.
(upbeat rock music)
Nana's favorite things
never changed.
I used to think
that was so cool,
because I'm always
changing my mind.
- [Osaki] Is that
all you've got?
- Mm-hm.
(upbeat music)
I asked my mom and dad to
send the rest of my stuff
later on, as soon as
I get settled in.
I figured it was
going to be easier
to just buy any furniture
I needed once I got here.
- Hm.
- Where's your stuff?
- I've just got my
guitar and this with me.
- [Komatsu] What about the rest?
- Haven't figured that out yet.
- Just make me a list
of everything you need.
I'll pack it up and send it
to you when I get back home.
- Back home?
- Yasu comes from the
same town as me.
He just came down to
cosign the lease.
- He came here just for that?
What about your parents?
- Here's the list, Yasu.
- That was fast.
- Oh, I get it, you ran
away from home, didn't you?
You're totally the type
of girl to do that.
- And what type of girl is that?
- You come from some rich
family who didn't like the idea
of their daughter being in a
band, so you had to run away!
- [Yasu] Nana, a rich
girl slumming it in Tokyo?
- She isn't?
- Why is that so funny?
- [Yasu] Three boxes,
is that all?
Is that even worth it?
- Don't change the subject.
- And what should I do
about your old place?
Are you just gonna
leave it empty?
- I don't know yet.
That place didn't really
belong to me anyway.
Why don't you ask him?
(lighter clicking)
- [Yasu] Yeah, sure.
He's so busy I can never
get ahold of him.
- Then let's just leave it.
As long as he keeps paying
the rent, what do I care?
It's none of my business.
- [Yasu] But he's been
paying the rent for you.
- [Osaki] I didn't ask him to.
I was gonna pay for it myself.
Don't get me wrong, I'm
grateful for the help.
- Hey, what are you guys
talking about?
- Oh, we're just discussing
the lifestyles of the rich
and famous, that's all.
- Huh?
- Oh, come on,
Nana, don't be so-
- [Osaki] I think it's
time us poor people
went out shopping to buy
the bare necessities.
- [Komatsu] Okay,
we're going to need
to get central heat and AC.
- [Osaki] How about we start
with a space heater instead?
- All right, Nana, I
think I'm gonna get going.
- Huh? You can't go yet.
Why don't you just spend
the night here?
- Yeah, you should
crash here with us.
We don't have much, but
you're welcome to stay.
- Thanks, I wish I could,
but I've got a ton of
work waiting for me.
- Oh yeah, that's right,
I totally forgot you were
a lawyer.
- We're going shopping, so
we'll walk you to the station.
- Nah, that's okay.
I'm flying home, so I'll just
take a cab to the airport.
- Ooh, Mr. Bigshot.
- Why don't you go and see
him off at the airport, Nana?
I can take care of
the shopping on my own.
- (laughs) I don't need
anyone to see me off.
(melancholy music)
Well, I'll see you later.
- Sure. Thanks for
everything, Yasu, really.
- You need anything,
just give me a call.
I'll come back here anytime.
- Hm.
- [Komatsu] I totally
thought that Yasu
was Nana's boyfriend, or at
least that there was something
going on between them, but
Nana completely denied it.
- Yasu was the drummer for
the band I was in back home.
He's a pretty reliable guy,
so he took charge of the
business side of the band.
He's kind of like a
big brother to me.
- Hm.
But he flew all the way here
just to cosign the
rental agreement.
Sounds like he's more
than a big brother.
Sounds like he's in love.
- Yasu in love with me? (laughs)
He's like that with everyone.
He enjoys looking after people,
making sure they're okay.
It's one of the reasons why
he's gonna make a good lawyer,
that's for sure.
- So if he's not your boyfriend,
is there anyone special
in your life?
- Hey, look, there's
a discount store.
We can get a bunch
of stuff in there.
- What? This is so tacky.
There's got to be a
better store around here.
- Then let's split up
and I'll meet you later.
- (gasps) But wait!
(cheerful music)
Hey Nana, look at these
glasses. Aren't they cute?
I can't believe
they're only 100 yen!
- Little red strawberries?
- No good?
- If you want them, buy them.
- No, I won't.
- Why not?
- 'Cause if you don't like
them, I don't want them.
There's no point
in me buying them
unless we're both
gonna use them.
- I don't really
care what we use.
Let's just get
the shopping done.
- But you don't like the
little red strawberries!
- No, I love little
red strawberries.
(Komatsu gasps)
To eat.
- Then let's get them, okay?
- [Osaki] Now I can see what
Shouji has to deal with.
- What do you mean?
- Well, you're kind of like,
well, you know, a puppy dog.
- I am?
(dog barks)
- Well, you're super
friendly, very obedient,
but you need a lot of attention.
Works for me, though.
I was thinking of
getting a pet anyway.
Huh.
You want me to buy you
a little treat, Hachi?
- Why Hachi?
Couldn't you have picked
a cuter nickname for me?
We found a lot of
stuff around here.
I never imagined there'd
be so many cool stores,
considering we're so
far out in the 'burbs.
It's so convenient. I'm
gonna love living in Tokyo.
- Now all we need to get
are the futons, a space
heater, lamps, a fridge.
How are we gonna carry all that?
- Huh.
(upbeat music)
Hey, Nana, there's lots
of great stuff in here.
Let's go in, take a look.
- We can get furniture
later. Come on, Hachi.
- Aw, but look at all
the pretty lamps!
- Really? All right
then, let's check it out.
(Komatsu sighs)
Wow, some of these
things are really cool.
And cheap, too. (laughs)
Way to go, Hachiko.
(Komatsu giggles)
- Aw, this heater is so cute.
- I'm getting this for my room.
- Uh-huh, uh-huh!
- And we can put that
in the living room.
- It's adorable!
- This looks like
it's from the 50s.
Do you think it
still works okay?
- [Mizukoshi] Absolutely.
It's in really good shape.
- Huh?
- Feel free to look around
as much as you want.
Everything in the store
is secondhand vintage
from the 50s, 60s, and 70s.
I get my stock by going overseas
and buying all my
merchandise wholesale,
which helps to keep
the prices down.
- Really? That's cool.
(whimsical music)
You travel overseas on business.
- What's with that voice?
- Yeah, and you
don't have to worry,
everything's cheap, but it's
all in good working order.
Normally, this stuff would
be way more expensive.
I just don't make
any profit on it.
(both laughing)
- [Osaki] Hey, quit with the
flirting and make up your mind.
- Everything in here is so
nice, I just can't decide.
- [Mizukoshi] So, what kind
of stuff you looking for?
- All sorts of things.
We just moved, and we don't
have anything in our apartment.
- [Mizukoshi] What do you
think of these chairs?
They fold up and come as a pair.
- I'll take them.
- Ooh, and how about this?
It's so cute, and it's so you.
- In that case,
I'll take it too!
- At least check it first.
(cash register dinging)
- (laughs) So your names
are Nana and Hachi?
Seven and eight, great combo.
- That's not really my name.
You see, I'm called
Nana as well,
but this Nana thought
it was too confusing
for us both to have the
same name, so she decided-
- I thought it was
'cause you're like that
puppy called Hachiko.
- (laughs) Well, I hope you
stop by the store again.
- Yeah, you betcha we will!
- So about the fridge
and the washing machine,
when do you think
you're gonna be able
to deliver them
to the apartment?
- I can bring them over
tonight after I close up here,
if that's okay with you.
It's not that far.
- Thanks, that'd be great.
Since you're coming anyway,
maybe you could take these?
- Nana, hold on a second.
We can't ask Mr. Mizukoshi
to do that for us.
- No, it's cool with
me. It's on my way home.
- Oh, Mr. Mizukoshi,
that's so sweet of you.
Is everyone in Tokyo
always this nice?
- Since when did you
find out this guy's name?
- I wish I could make it over
to your place before dark
to help you get the
lights installed,
but my only employee just quit,
so I've got to stay here till
closing to run the store.
- If you need someone,
then why don't you hire me?
(dog barking)
(cheerful music)
This is awesome! I'm so lucky!
I can't believe I landed
myself a job just like that!
I love Tokyo, and
Tokyo loves me.
Thank you, demon lord, thank
you, thank you, thank you!
- You begged for it.
- Huh? It's not like that.
I gave him my resume because
it's such a cool store
and I want to work there,
it's got nothing to do
with the fact that
Mr. Mizukoshi's 29,
smoking hot, and
probably available.
- When did you find that out?
- Can you believe he's
almost 30? I was so shocked.
I mean, I thought
he was more like in his
early 20s, you know?
- Oh yeah, I remember,
you're a total fall in
love at first sight freak.
- What? What do you
mean by that?
- You pretty much told me
everything about yourself
on the train when we
first met, remember?
- Oh, yeah, maybe I did.
- But to be honest,
I don't understand what you
see in that Mizukoshi guy.
He certainly doesn't
do it for me.
- Then what is your type? What
kind of guy do you go for?
- My type?
- Okay then, is there
someone famous you like?
- Sid Vicious.
- From Sex Pistols?
- You know who he is?
Don't tell me you like
the Sex Pistols.
- [Komatsu] Not really.
But I did see that movie,
"Sid and Nancy."
- Go figure, you're
just like everyone else.
- Hey Nana, the futons
are on the 7th floor.
- The number seven again?
- [Komatsu] You know, Nana,
I was just wondering
about something.
- Yeah? What's up, Hachi?
- Don't you think we
shouldn't be wearing
our shoes inside the apartment?
I mean, we are still
in Japan, right?
- And your problem is?
- Well, doesn't it bother you
that the futons are gonna
be on the floor?
Aren't they gonna get dirty?
- Guess we could
use sleeping bags.
- Uh-uh!
(upbeat music)
- You got any beds, Mizukoshi?
- [Mizukoshi] Nice to
see you again.
- [Komatsu] That was great!
Now we've got everything
we need to start living
in the apartment, and wasn't
that sweet of Mr. Mizukoshi
to give us such a good deal?
- [Osaki] Well, he should,
after all the stuff we
bought from him today.
(phone ringing)
- Hello, this is Nana.
- Weren't we calling you Hachi?
- Oh, hi there, Shouji.
I'm just on my way
home with Nana.
We totally shopped
till we dropped.
Uh-huh, I haven't been
buttering her up at all.
We're having so
much fun together.
- Oh, really?
- What about you?
You still at work?
- Yeah, but it looks like
they're gonna let me off
early tonight, so you want to go
have dinner with me
at Jackson's later?
You said you wanted
to go there, right?
- [Komatsu] That's your
favorite hangout, isn't it?
Yes please, yes please!
Hey Nana, you want
to come with us?
Shouji's offering to
treat us both to dinner.
- Hey, I never said
I was gonna do that.
- [Osaki] Don't forget,
Mizukoshi's coming over.
One of us has to stay home.
- Oh yeah.
- Mizukoshi?
- Don't worry about it.
I'm happy to stay home while
you go on your hot date.
- Yeah, but-
- Hey, Nana-
- Unless you're thinking of
dumping Shouji for Mizukoshi.
- Hello, Shouji? So, where
and when are we gonna meet up?
- [Shouji] Who's this Mizukoshi?
- The old guy from
the furniture store.
(Osaki laughing)
Nana, why did you have
to go and say that?
And right into the phone, too.
Now Shouji's gonna
assume something's up,
and I start working
with Mr. Mizukoshi
at the store tomorrow!
- If you stop flirting so much,
Shouji won't have anything
to be suspicious about.
- Aw.
Hey Nana, can we just pop into
that music store over there?
There's a CD I want to get.
- Yeah, sure.
Do you have a CD player?
- Ah.
- If you don't mind a
little portable thing,
you can borrow mine.
- Thanks, Nana!
(upbeat music)
Hope they're not sold out!
- Huh?
(lighter clattering)
(somber music)
- How great is this?
They have some left!
It's the latest Trapnest album,
and it just got released.
They're my favorite band ever.
You can listen to
it whenever you want.
They're so cool,
you're gonna love it.
Hang on a minute while I go pay.
Sorry I kept you waiting.
Look, I got a free
poster with it!
- I hope you're not planning
to put that up in the apartment.
- Why not? I'll just
put it up in my room.
- You're not in junior high!
- I'm they're biggest fan.
I'm in the fan club
and everything.
They've got a
concert coming up soon.
I already ordered tickets,
do you want to go with me?
- No. Take Shouji.
- I thought about that, but
he wouldn't have much fun
standing next to me while
I scream my head off
for another guy, it's got
to be a girl's night out.
I totally love Takumi,
the guy on bass.
- [Osaki] Really?
- Naoki the drummer
is pretty cool, too,
but the best thing about
Trapnest is their singing,
Reira.
She's got great looks
and an amazing voice.
- Hey, what about him?
- Who? Which one?
- The guy on the guitar, the
one who really stands out.
- Oh, Ren.
- Oh?
- Well, I guess he is
the most popular,
but I think he's kind of scary.
He's totally not my type.
(Osaki laughing)
What's so funny?
- Oh, it's nothing.
How do you like that, Ren?
- Hey, don't you think
Ren's sort of got
a Sid Vicious Sex
Pistols thing going on?
- You think? Sid's a
million times cooler.
- [Komatsu] Nana, you
dropped your lighter!
- [Osaki] Oh, thanks.
- So Nana, are you
sure you don't mind
me going out for
dinner without you?
- No, it's fine with me.
You're gonna be out
all night, right?
- What about you? Do
you have a date tonight?
- (laughs) No.
- Don't you have a boyfriend?
- No, not really.
- I knew it!
- Huh?
- You've got a thing for Yasu.
I had a feeling there was
something between you.
I know you've got a lot going
on in your life right now,
but don't let pride
stand in your way,
or you're never gonna be happy.
- Thanks for the
words of wisdom.
- You're welcome. See you later.
Oh, say hi to Mr. Mizukoshi,
29 years old, for me!
(Osaki laughs)
(door thuds)
- Hm, she left her
door wide open.
So much for putting
locks on the doors.
- [Komatsu] Don't let
pride stand in your way,
or you're never gonna be happy.
(melancholy music)
(lock clicking)
- How do you like this? I
bought it off a street vendor.
Sid Vicious padlock.
- Does that mean you're Nancy?
- Hm.
- So you think you
can lock me up.
- Hey, Ren, tell me,
if I was gonna die,
would you die along with me?
- Yeah, I would.
- I spent so many
years being alone.
I don't ever want to feel
lonely like that again.
- Thanks for dinner, Shouji.
That was really yummy.
- You ate one hell of a
lot of food, greedy pig.
- That's 'cause
the food here rocks.
That burger was great,
best I've ever had.
- Hey Nana, now that you're
working over at Sabrina's,
you should swing by
for lunch sometime.
- [Komatsu] Sure,
I'll be here every day,
Koichi Sato, my man.
- Already buddying up with
him. You only just met the guy.
- Hey, everything
that's on the menu here
is available for takeout, right?
Can I get something to go?
Give me a Jackson burger.
- Coming up.
- You're having more?
- It's not for me, I want
to take one home for Nana.
- Oh, I get it.
- [Koichi] I'll start making
it now. Won't be long.
- You're not thinking
of going home already.
It's only 10 o'clock.
(melancholy music)
- Mm-hm, I know, but
I want to make sure
Nana gets her burger
before it gets cold.
- Then drop it off and
head over to my place.
- Shouji, are you drunk?
I can see exactly why
you want me to come over.
- Come on, sometimes a guy-
- It's not just sometimes.
It's been every day
since I arrived.
Even yesterday,
when you said you were
tired, we did it twice.
- There's nothing wrong
with that, is there?
We got to make the
most of the fact
that we can see each
other every day now.
- I guess so. I still
feel like I'm dreaming.
But not tonight.
Taxi!
(wheels screeching)
- Why not?
- I'm worried about Nana being
stuck at home on her own.
She'll be lonely.
- She's not the kind of
girl who gets lonely.
Besides, why waste your money
on a cab when you live so close?
I'll walk you home.
- I'll be okay, I got
myself a job today.
Besides, the
burger's getting cold,
so I need to get it
to Nana right away.
- Aren't you going
a bit overboard?
- Bye bye! I'm ready to go now.
- She's so into Nana.
I don't get it.
- I'm really sorry, Shouji.
It's okay if you stay
at Sachiko's tonight.
(wheels screeching)
(car door thudding)
(door rattling)
(footsteps thudding)
(door creaking)
(Komatsu breathing heavily)
(melancholy music)
I ran up the seven
flights of stairs
as fast as I could,
and I opened the door.
Even though the bed and
futons had been delivered,
Nana was sleeping on the floor.
She was curled up in a
blanket beside the heater.
Hey, Nana?
You gave off this impression
of being like a stray cat
going through life free
and full of pride,
but I could see the
wound in your heart.
At the time, I didn't
really think about it.
I just thought it was
another cool thing about you.
I never realized how deep
the hurt lay inside you.